ERTP API Alpha Release update and clean up. (#249)
Agoric/documentation: main/ertp/api/issuer.md

```js
import { MathKind, makeIssuerKit } from '@agoric/ertp';
makeIssuerKit('quatloos`); // Defaults to 'MathKind.NAT'
makeIssuerKit('foobars', 'MathKind.STRSET');
makeIssuerKit('kitties', MathKind.SET');
```

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer, mint: quatloosMint, amountMath: quatloosAmountMath } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
// This is merely an amount, describing assets.
const quatloos2 = quatloosAmountMath.make(2);

const { mint: titleMint, issuer: titleIssuer, amountMath: titleAmountMath } = makeIssuerKit('alamedaCountyPropertyTitle', 'strSet');

// These are merely amounts describing digital assets, not minting assets.
const cornerProperty = titleAmountMath.make(harden['1292826']);
const adjacentProperty = titleAmountMath.make(harden['1028393']);
const combinedProperty = titleAmountMath.make(harden['1292826', '1028393']);
```

## issuer.getBrand()
- Returns: `{Brand}` 

Returns the `brand` for this `issuer`. The `brand` indicates the kind of digital asset
and is the same for the `issuer`'s associated `mint`, and any `purses` and `payments` of this particular
kind. The `brand` is not closely held, so this function should not be trusted to identify

> an `issuer` alone. Fake digital assets and amounts can use another `issuer's `brand`.

Author: Honestly, I think it might just make it more confusing. The API docs don't really mention or explain vats or how we're using them. I think this also might fit best in the JavaScript Distributed Programming doc, aka tips on how to program with some behind the scenes implementation details like this to explain.

# Issuer

> An `issuer` represents the identity of a specific kind of digital asset. 

Reviewer: I would say the brand is actually the identity of the kind of asset. The Issuer is the authority on what holds digital assets of this kind.

While it cannot create new value by creating digital assets like a `mint`, 
it recognizes and identifies `purses` and `payments` that carry actual value.
It can create empty `purses` and transform `payments` (by splitting, 
combining, burning, or exclusively claiming). 

An `issuer` has an unchangeable one-to-one relationship with the `mint` and
`brand` that were created with it. For any `brand` for which you will accept
`payments` in, you should obtain its `issuer` from a trusted source.
You can then rely on that `issuer` as the authority to 
determine if an untrusted `payment` of that `brand` is valid.

## makeIssuerKit(allegedName, amountMathKind)
- `allegedName` `{String}` 
- `amountMathKind` `{MathKind}` - optional
- Returns `{IssuerKit}`

Makes a new `issuer` as well as its one-to-one associated ERTP objects; a `mint` and a `brand`. 
All are in unchangeable one-to-one relationships with each other. It also makes a new

> `amountMath`, which is in an unchangeable many-to-one relationship with the new `issuer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All are in unchangeable one-to-one relationships with each other. 
```
I have issues with the many-to-one language, and also I think it's confusing to point out amountMath in the same way as brand if we want the users to make their own amountMath locally.

Author: How's this: "While this also returns an `amountMath`, we strongly urge that instead of using that one, which
is asynchronous, you use `makeLocalAmountMath(issuer)` to create a local, synchronous, version
and use that one."

> The `allegedName` is available from the `brand` in asset descriptions. The `allegedName` is 

Reviewer: You can also get the allegedName from the issuer.

useful for debugging and double-checking assumptions, but should not be trusted.

> The optional `amountMathKind` specifies which of three kinds the created `amountMath` is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `amountMathKind` specifies the kind of math to use with the digital assets.
```

Each implements all of the same set of API methods (i.e. `amountMath` methods are 
polymorphic). We recommend you import the `MathKind` values from `@agoric/ERTP` 
instead of making the strings yourself.
- `MathKind.NAT` (`nat`): Used with fungible assets. `amount` values are natural numbers (non-negative integers). Default value.
- `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are strings.
- `MathKind.SET` (`set`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are objects or records with multiple properties.

```js
import { MathKind, makeIssuerKit } from '@agoric/ertp';

> makeIssuerKit('quatloos`); // Defaults to 'MathKind.NAT'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makeIssuerKit('quatloos'); // Defaults to 'MathKind.NAT'
```

> makeIssuerKit('foobars', 'MathKind.STRSET');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makeIssuerKit('foobars', MathKind.STRING_SET);
```

> makeIssuerKit('kitties', MathKind.SET');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makeIssuerKit('kitties', MathKind.SET);
```

```

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer, mint: quatloosMint, amountMath: quatloosAmountMath } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
// This is merely an amount, describing assets.
const quatloos2 = quatloosAmountMath.make(2);

const { mint: titleMint, issuer: titleIssuer, amountMath: titleAmountMath } = makeIssuerKit('alamedaCountyPropertyTitle', 'strSet');

// These are merely amounts describing digital assets, not minting assets.
const cornerProperty = titleAmountMath.make(harden['1292826']);
const adjacentProperty = titleAmountMath.make(harden['1028393']);
const combinedProperty = titleAmountMath.make(harden['1292826', '1028393']);
```

## issuer.getAllegedName()
- Returns: `{allegedName}`

Returns the `allegedName` for this `issuer`.

An alleged name is a human-readable string name 
of a kind of digital asset. The alleged name 
should not be trusted as accurate, since it 

> is not provided by a trusted source.

Reviewer: I commented elsewhere about this reason not being quite right. The real reason is that there can be multiple issuers/mints/brands with the same alleged name since there is no public registry or expectation of uniqueness. That means that the name itself can't be used to correctly identify an issuer. It's the brand that does that. The name is just the human readable version that is helpful for debugging.

Reviewer: The issuer is a very trusted source, which is part of why this is wrong. It's just that I can create an issuer with the allegedName 'Bitcoin' and it doesn't make it THE bitcoin issuer.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosIssuerAllegedName = quatloosIssuer.getAllegedName();
// quatloosIssuerAllegedName === 'quatloos'
```

## issuer.getAmountMathKind()
- Returns: `{MathKind}`

Get the kind of this `issuer`'s `amountMath`. It returns one of
`MathKind.NAT` (`nat`), `MathKind.STR` (`str`), or `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`).

The `amountMathKind` value specifies which of three kinds an `amountMath` is,
and what kind of values it is used on. Each kind implements all of the same set 
of API methods (i.e. `amountMath` methods are polymorphic). 
- `MathKind.NAT` (`nat`): Used with fungible assets. `amount` values are natural numbers (non-negative integers). Default value.
- `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are strings.
- `MathKind.SET` (`set`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are objects or records with multiple properties.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
quatloosIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'MathKind.NAT', the default value.
const { issuer: moolaIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('moola', MathKind.STR);

> moolaIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'MathKind.STR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moolaIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'str', also known as MathKind.STR
```

```
## issuer.getAmountOf(payment)
- `payment` `{Payment}`
- Returns: `{Amount}`

Get the `payment`'s balance. Because the `payment` is not trusted, we cannot

> trust it to provide its true value, and must rely on the `issuer` to guarantee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trust it to provide its true value, and must rely on the `issuer` to validate
```

and is the same for the `issuer`'s associated `mint`, and any `purses` and `payments` of this particular
kind. The `brand` is not closely held, so this function should not be trusted to identify
an `issuer` alone. Fake digital assets and amounts can use another `issuer's `brand`.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer, brand: quatloosBrand } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosBrand = quatloosIssuer.getBrand();
// brand === quatloosBrand
```

## issuer.makeEmptyPurse()
- Returns: `{Purse}`

Make and return an empty `purse` that holds assets of the `brand` associated with the `issuer`.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosPurse = quatloosIssuer.makeEmptyPurse();
```

## issuer.burn(payment, optAmount)
- `payment` `{Payment}`
- `optAmount` `{Amount}` - Optional
- Returns: `{Amount}`

Burn (destroy) all of the digital assets in the `payment`
and return an `amount` of what was burned. 

`optAmount` is optional. If `optAmount` is present, 
the code insists the `payment` balance is equal to `optAmount`, to prevent sending the wrong `payment`
and other confusion.  

> If `payment` is a `promise`, the operation proceeds after the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `payment` is a `promise` for a payment, the operation proceeds after the
```

`promise` resolves.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer, mint: quatloosMint, amountMath: quatloosAmountMath } = 
      makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const amountToBurn = quatloosAmountMath.make(10);
const paymentToBurn = quatloosMint.mintPayment(amountToBurn);

// burntAmount should equal 10 Quatloos
const burntAmount = quatloosIssuer.burn(paymentToBurn, amountToBurn);
```

## issuer.claim(payment, optAmount)
- `payment` `{Payment}` 
- `optAmount` `{Amount}` 
- Returns: `{Payment}` 

Transfer all digital assets from `payment` to a new `payment` and burn the
original. This allows the owner to be sure no other references to this
payment survive, so they are the exclusive owner. `optAmount` is optional. 
If `optAmount` is present, the code insists that `payment`'s balance is
equal to `optAmount`, to prevent sending the wrong `payment` and other confusion. 
If `optAmount` does not equal the balance in the original `payment`

> then it throws an error.  If `payment` is a promise, the operation will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then it throws an error.  If `payment` is a promise for a payment, the operation will 
```

proceed after the promise resolves.

```js
const { mint: quatloosMint, issuer: quatloosIssuer, amountMath: quatloosAmountMath } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const amountExpectedToTransfer = quatloosAmountMath.make(2);
const originalPayment = quatloosMint.mintPayment(amountExpectedToTransfer);

const newPayment = quatloosIssuer.claim(originalPayment, amountToTransfer);
```

## issuer.combine(paymentsArray)
- `paymentsArray` `{Array <Payment>}`
- `optTotalAmount` `{Amount}` - Optional.
- Returns: `{Payment}`

Combines multiple `payments` into one `payment`.  If any `payment` in `paymentsArray` is 
a `promise`, the operation proceeds after all the `payments`
resolve. The `payments` in `paymentsArray` are burned.

If the optional `optTotalAmount` is present, the total of all the `payment` `amounts` in the

> array must equal `optTotalAmount`'s `value` or it throws an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
array must equal `optTotalAmount` or it throws an error.
```

// After the split, paymentA has 5 quatloos and paymentB has 15.
const [paymentA, paymentB] = quatloosIssuer.split(oldPayment, quatloos.AmountMath.make(5));
```

## issuer.splitMany(payment, amountArray)
- `payment` `{Payment}`
- `amountArray` `{Array <Amount>}`
- Returns: `{Array <Payment>}`

Split a single `payment` into multiple `payments`. The resulting array of `payments` is
as long as `amountArray`, and the `payments` will have `amounts` corresponding to 
the `amountArray` contents. The original `payment` is burned. If the original `payment` 
is a `promise`, the operation proceeds after the `promise` resolves.  If the `amounts` 
in `amountArray` don't add up to the value of `payment`, the operation fails. The `brands`
of the `amountArray` `amounts` must all be the same as the `payment` `brand`.

```js
const { mint: quatloosMint, issuer: quatloosIssuer, amountMath: quatloosAmountMath} = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const oldPayment = quatloosMint.mintPayment(quatloos.AmountMath.make(100));
const goodAmounts = Array(10).fill(quatloosAmountMath.make(10));

const arrayOfNewPayments = quatloos.Issuer.splitMany(oldPayment, goodAmounts);

> // The total amount in the amountArray must equal the original payment amount

Reviewer: This comment seems slightly misplaced. Should it go a couple of lines below? Or should we change it?

const payment = quatloosMint.mintPayment(quatloosAmountMath.make(1000));

// total amounts in badAmounts equal 20, when it should equal 1000
const badAmounts = Array(2).fill(quatloosAmountMath.make(10));

// throws error
quatloosIssuer.splitMany(payment, badAmounts);
```

## issuer.isLive(payment)
- `payment` `{Payment}`
- Returns: `{Boolean}`

> Returns `true` if the `payment` continues to have value. If `payment` is a promise, the operation proceeds upon resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `true` if the `payment` was created by the issuer and has not yet been destroyed. If `payment` is a promise, the operation proceeds upon resolution.
```

# Issuer

An `issuer` is the authority on what holds digital assets of its kind. 
While it cannot create new value by creating digital assets like a `mint`, 
it recognizes and identifies `purses` and `payments` that carry actual value.
It can create empty `purses` and transform `payments` (by splitting, 
combining, burning, or exclusively claiming). 

An `issuer` has an unchangeable one-to-one relationship with the `mint` and
`brand` that were created with it. For any `brand` for which you will accept
`payments` in, you should obtain its `issuer` from a trusted source.
You can then rely on that `issuer` as the authority to 
determine if an untrusted `payment` of that `brand` is valid.

## makeIssuerKit(allegedName, amountMathKind)
- `allegedName` `{String}` 
- `amountMathKind` `{MathKind}` - optional
- Returns `{IssuerKit}`

Makes a new `issuer` as well as its one-to-one associated ERTP objects; a `mint` and a `brand`. 
All are in unchangeable one-to-one relationships with each other. 

While this also returns an `amountMath`, we strongly urge that instead of using that one, which
is asynchronous, you use `makeLocalAmountMath(issuer)` to create a local, synchronous, version

> and use that one. 

Reviewer 2: The party that gets an `amountMath` by calling `makeIssuerKit()` *should* use that one, because it's synchronous for them. They just shouldn't share it outside the vat, because any code receiving it remotely will get an asynchronous presence. Outside the originating vat, you should make a local copy, for reasons explained several times.

The `allegedName` is available from the `brand` or the `issuer` in asset descriptions. The `allegedName` is 
useful for debugging and double-checking assumptions, but should not be trusted.

The optional `amountMathKind` specifies the kind of math to use with the digital assets. 
Each implements all of the same set of API methods (i.e. `amountMath` methods are 

> polymorphic). We recommend you import the `MathKind` values from `@agoric/ERTP` 
> instead of making the strings yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
polymorphic). We recommend you import the `MathKind` values from `@agoric/ERTP` 
instead of using strings.
```
I don't think JavaScript programmers think of using 'foo' as  making a string, though that' s a fair description of the effect.

uniquely identify an issuer. Rather, the `brand` object does that.

To put it another way, nothing stops different people from creating
multiple `issuers` with the alleged name `Quatloos`...but that doesn't
make any of them **the** Quatloos `issuer`. The alleged name is just a 
human readable version which is helpful for debugging. 
```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosIssuerAllegedName = quatloosIssuer.getAllegedName();
// quatloosIssuerAllegedName === 'quatloos'
```

## issuer.getAmountMathKind()
- Returns: `{MathKind}`

Get the kind of this `issuer`'s `amountMath`. It returns one of
`MathKind.NAT` (`nat`), `MathKind.STR` (`str`), or `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`).

The `amountMathKind` value specifies which of three kinds an `amountMath` is,
and what kind of values it is used on. Each kind implements all of the same set 
of API methods (i.e. `amountMath` methods are polymorphic). 
- `MathKind.NAT` (`nat`): Used with fungible assets. `amount` values are natural numbers (non-negative integers). Default value.
- `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are strings.

> - `MathKind.SET` (`set`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are objects or records with multiple properties.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's helpful to explain that `MathKind.NAT` corresponds to `'nat'` everytime MathKind is used. We defined MathKind so they don't have to be aware of the strings.  I would remove the strings almost everywhere.  (At least almost everywhere on this page.)

Author: The reason they're there so many times is that people usually use API references one method at a time, rather than going through from the start (random vs. sequential access : -)). So I shouldn't put something about a method just once at the top, even if I already wrote it about another method. I think the question here is remove the 'nat' etc. strings from everywhere in the API doc except maybe the top of the Amount Math section and just mention the values in the ERTP Guide, or leave them in as is. Can go either way, but wanted to be sure you knew why I had them in there before making the decision.

const paymentToBurn = quatloosMint.mintPayment(amountToBurn);

// burntAmount should equal 10 Quatloos
const burntAmount = quatloosIssuer.burn(paymentToBurn, amountToBurn);
```

## issuer.claim(payment, optAmount)
- `payment` `{Payment}` 
- `optAmount` `{Amount}` 
- Returns: `{Payment}` 

Transfer all digital assets from `payment` to a new `payment` and burn the
original. This allows the owner to be sure no other references to this
payment survive, so they are the exclusive owner. `optAmount` is optional. 
If `optAmount` is present, the code insists that `payment`'s balance is
equal to `optAmount`, to prevent sending the wrong `payment` and other confusion. 
If `optAmount` does not equal the balance in the original `payment`
then it throws an error.  If `payment` is a promise for a `payment`, the operation will 
proceed after the promise resolves.

```js
const { mint: quatloosMint, issuer: quatloosIssuer, amountMath: quatloosAmountMath } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const amountExpectedToTransfer = quatloosAmountMath.make(2);
const originalPayment = quatloosMint.mintPayment(amountExpectedToTransfer);

const newPayment = quatloosIssuer.claim(originalPayment, amountToTransfer);
```

> ## issuer.combine(paymentsArray)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## issuer.combine(paymentsArray, optTotalAmount)
```

make any of them **the** Quatloos `issuer`. The alleged name is just a 
human readable version which is helpful for debugging. 
```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosIssuerAllegedName = quatloosIssuer.getAllegedName();
// quatloosIssuerAllegedName === 'quatloos'
```

## issuer.getAmountMathKind()
- Returns: `{MathKind}`

Get the kind of this `issuer`'s `amountMath`. It returns one of
`MathKind.NAT` (`nat`), `MathKind.STR` (`str`), or `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`).

The `amountMathKind` value specifies which of three kinds an `amountMath` is,
and what kind of values it is used on. Each kind implements all of the same set 
of API methods (i.e. `amountMath` methods are polymorphic). 
- `MathKind.NAT` (`nat`): Used with fungible assets. `amount` values are natural numbers (non-negative integers). Default value.
- `MathKind.STRING_SET` (`strSet`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are strings.
- `MathKind.SET` (`set`): Used with non-fungible assets. `amount` values are objects or records with multiple properties.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');

> quatloosIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'nat', also known as 'MathKind.NAT', the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quatloosIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'nat', also known as MathKind.NAT, the default value.
```

> const { issuer: moolaIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('moola', MathKind.STR);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { issuer: moolaIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('moola', MathKind.STRING_SET);
```

> moolaIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'str', also known as'MathKind.STR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moolaIssuer.getAmountMathKind(); // Returns 'str', also known as'MathKind.STRING_SET`
```

```
## issuer.getAmountOf(payment)
- `payment` `{Payment}`
- Returns: `{Amount}`

Get the `payment`'s balance. Because the `payment` is not trusted, we cannot
trust it to provide its true value, and must rely on the `issuer` to validate
the `payment`'s `brand`  and tell us how much it contains.

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer, mint: quatloosMint } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosPayment = quatloosMint.mintPayment(quatloosAmountMath.make(100));
quatloosIssuer.getAmountOf(quatloosPayment); // returns an amount of 100 Quatloos 
```

## issuer.getBrand()
- Returns: `{Brand}` 

Returns the `brand` for this `issuer`. The `brand` indicates the kind of digital asset
and is the same for the `issuer`'s associated `mint`, and any `purses` and `payments` of this particular
kind. The `brand` is not closely held, so this function should not be trusted to identify

> an `issuer` alone. Fake digital assets and amounts can use another `issuer's `brand`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an `issuer` alone. Fake digital assets and amounts can use another issuer's `brand`.
```

Missing `
